feat(curriculum): add bisection method project to Python (#54110)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/07-scientific-computing-with-python/learn-numerical-methods-by-finding-the-square-root-of-a-number-using-the-bisection-method/65ef1dd722f6e7c8294eeec4.md

---
id: 65ef1dd722f6e7c8294eeec4
title: Step 19
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-19
---

# --description--

> Finally, return the value of `root` from the `square_root_bisection` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, return the value of `root` from the `square_root_bisection` function.
```

# --hints--

> You should have return statement at the end of the function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should return `root` at the end of the function.
```
